Prepares Watchmaker 0.14.1 release (#831)
plus3it/watchmaker: CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog

### 0.14.1

**Commit Delta**: [Change from 0.14.0 release](https://github.com/plus3it/watchmaker/compare/0.14.0...0.14.1)

**Released**: 2019.03.18

**Summary**:

*   Fixes Python 2.6 incompatibility introduced by new version of PyYAML
*   join-domain-formula

>     -   Fixes issue adding admin groups/users in Watchmaker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Fixes issue adding admin groups/users to Windows systems with recent versions of Salt
```
